Update documentation for Globalnet 2.0 (#565)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/getting-started/architecture/globalnet/_index.en.md

To support overlapping CIDRs in connected clusters, Submariner has a component called Global Private Network, Globalnet (`globalnet`). This
Globalnet is a virtual network specifically to support Submariner's multi-cluster solution with a global CIDR. Each cluster is given a
subnet from this virtual Global Private Network, configured as new cluster parameter `GlobalCIDR` (e.g. 242.0.0.0/8) which is
configurable at time of deployment. User can also manually specify GlobalCIDR for each cluster that is joined to the Broker using the flag
```globalnet-cidr``` passed to ```subctl join``` command. If Globalnet is not enabled in the Broker or if a GlobalCIDR is preconfigured in
the cluster, the supplied globalnet-cidr will be ignored.

> ### ClusterGlobalEgressIPs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cluster-scope global egress IPs
```

> By default every cluster is assigned configurable number of GlobalIPs which is used as egress IP for any cross cluster communication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default every cluster is assigned a number of GlobalIPs which is used as egress IPs for any cross cluster communication.
```

Since we are not providing the configuration param now, shall we rephrase it as follows?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, every cluster is assigned a number of GlobalIPs which are used as egress IPs for any cross cluster communication.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, every cluster is assigned a configurable number of global IPs, represented by a ClusterGlobalEgressIP resource, which are used as egress IPs for cross cluster communication. Multiple IPs are supported to avoid ephemeral port exhaustion issues. The default is `8`. The IPs are allocated from a configurable global CIDR.
```

Multiple IPs are supported to avoid ephemeral port exhaustion issues. Default is `8`.

> Applications on HostNetwork trying to access remote services will also use ClusterGlobalEgressIPs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Applications on `HostNetwork` trying to access remote services will also use ClusterGlobalEgressIPs.
```

API objects should be in `code style`.

https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#code-style-inline-code

This applies many places here I think, but I'm not clear on the actual API object names (is it `ClusterGlobalEgressIPs` or `ClusterGlobalEgressIP`s, for example) so I'll leave that to you.

Reviewer: Is "HostNetwork" an entity that warrant capitalization?

```suggestion
Applications running on the host network that access remote clusters also use the cluster-level global egress IPs.
```

> ### GlobalEgressIPs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Namespace-scope global egress IPs
```

> User can create GlobalEgressIPs at scope namespace which take precedence over ClusterGlobalEgressIPs, if configured. All pods in the
> namespace will use GlobalEgressIP allocated for that namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user can assign a configurable number of global IPs per namespace by creating a `GlobalEgressIP` resource. These IPs are also allocated from the global CIDR and are used as egress IPs for all or selected pods in the namespace and take precedence over the cluster-level global IPs.
```

User can also configure GlobalEgressIPs for a specific set of pods in a namespace by using a `PodSelector` when creating GlobalEgressIP.

> These GlobalEgressIPs will take precedence over any globalIps allocated at namespace or cluster level.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These GlobalEgressIPs will take precedence over any globalIPs allocated at namespace or cluster level.
```

I think IP should always be fully capitalized, right? (applies elsewhere).

Reviewer: This paragraph isn't needed with my suggestion above.

> ### GlobalIngressIPs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Service global ingress IPs
```

> Instead of allocating a globalIp to every service, only Services that are exported get a globalIp. Globalnet internally

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Instead of allocating a globalIp to every service, only services that are exported get a globalIp. Globalnet internally
```

I don't think you need to capitalize "Service" in this case.

Upstream K8s docs have somewhat-recently clarified this:

> When you are generally discussing an API object, use sentence-style capitalization.

https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exported cluster IP type services are automatically allocated a global IP from the global CIDR for ingress. For headless services, each backing pod is allocated a global IP that is used for both ingress and egress. However if a backing pod matches a `GlobalEgressIP` then its allocated IPs are used for egress.

Routing and iptable rules are configured to use the corresponding global IPs for ingress and egress. All address translations occur on the active Gateway node of the cluster.
```

creates a GlobalIngressIP object for every exported service. Users can query GlobalIngressIP objects but not create or update them.

> In case of Headless Services, a GlobalIngressIP object is created for every pod backing the headless service. This allocated

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In case of Headless Services, a GlobalIngressIP object is created for every pod backing the headless service. This allocated
```

I think by capitalizing "Headless Services" at the start but not the end, you mean to make the first one be about the API object. In that case, the words should not be split and they should be in `code case`.

https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects
https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#code-style-inline-code

> globalIp is used for both ingress and egress by default. However, if user creates a GlobalEgressIP that matches the namespace or the pods

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
globalIp is used for both ingress and egress by default. However, if user creates a GlobalEgressIP that matches the  the pods
```

Only the podSelectors (not namespace)

backing Headless Service, the allocated GlobalEgressIP will be used for egress.

> Routing and iptable rules are configured to use the corresponding globalIps for ingress and egress. All address translations occur on the
> Gateway node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Routing and iptable rules are configured to use the corresponding globalIps for ingress and egress. All address translations occur on the active
Gateway node of the Cluster.
```

To support overlapping CIDRs in connected clusters, Submariner has a component called Global Private Network, Globalnet (`globalnet`). This
Globalnet is a virtual network specifically to support Submariner's multi-cluster solution with a global CIDR. Each cluster is given a
subnet from this virtual Global Private Network, configured as new cluster parameter `GlobalCIDR` (e.g. 242.0.0.0/8) which is
configurable at time of deployment. User can also manually specify GlobalCIDR for each cluster that is joined to the Broker using the flag
```globalnet-cidr``` passed to ```subctl join``` command. If Globalnet is not enabled in the Broker or if a GlobalCIDR is preconfigured in
the cluster, the supplied globalnet-cidr will be ignored.

### Cluster-scope global egress IPs

By default, every cluster is assigned a configurable number of global IPs, represented by a `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` resource, which are

> used as egress IPs for cross cluster communication. Multiple IPs are supported to avoid ephemeral port exhaustion issues. The default is 8.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
used as egress IPs for cross-cluster communication. Multiple IPs are supported to avoid ephemeral port exhaustion issues. The default is 8.
```

> By default every cluster is assigned a number of global IPs which is used as egress IPs for any cross cluster communication.
> Multiple IPs are supported to avoid ephemeral port exhaustion issues. Default is `8`.
> Applications running on the host network that access remote clusters also use the cluster-level global egress IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, every cluster is assigned a configurable number of global IPs, represented by a `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` resource, which are used as egress IPs for cross cluster communication. Multiple IPs are supported to avoid ephemeral port exhaustion issues. The default is 8. The IPs are allocated from a configurable global CIDR.
Applications running on the host network that access remote clusters also use the cluster-level global egress IPs.
```

Applications running on the host network that access remote clusters also use the cluster-level global egress IPs.

### Namespace-scope global egress IPs

> A user can assign a configurable number of global IPs per namespace by creating a `GlobalEgressIP` resource. These IPs are also allocated
> from the global CIDR and are used as egress IPs for all or selected pods in the namespace and take precedence over the cluster-level global IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user can assign a configurable number of global IPs per namespace by creating a `GlobalEgressIP` resource. These IPs are also allocated
from the global CIDR and are used as egress IPs for all or selected pods in the namespace and take precedence over the cluster-level global IPs. In addition, the global IPs allocated for a `GlobalEgressIP` that targets specific pods in a namespace take precedence over the global IPs allocated for a `GlobalEgressIP` that just targets the namespace.
```

> User can also configure `GlobalEgressIP`s for a specific set of pods in a namespace by using a `PodSelector` when creating `GlobalEgressIP`.
> These `GlobalEgressIP`s will take precedence over any global IPs allocated at namespace or cluster level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: @tpantelis Why this change? We need to specify that pod-set specific egressIPs will take precedence over Namespace.

Reviewer: Right - I changed the wording above to include this point.

### Service global ingress IPs

Exported `ClusterIP` type services are automatically allocated a global IP from the global CIDR for ingress. For headless services, each

> backing pod is allocated a global IP that is used for both ingress and egress. However if a backing pod matches a `GlobalEgressIP` then

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
backing pod is allocated a global IP that is used for both ingress and egress. However, if a backing pod matches a `GlobalEgressIP` then
```

its allocated IPs are used for egress.

Routing and iptable rules are configured to use the corresponding global IPs for ingress and egress. All address translations occur on the active

> Gateway node of the Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gateway node of the cluster.
```

Gateway node of the cluster.

> ![Figure 1 - Proposed solution](/images/globalnet/overlappingcidr-solution.png)

Reviewer 2: Please update the GlobalnetCIDR from 169.254.0.0/16 to the new CIDR in the diagram

### submariner-globalnet

Submariner Globalnet is a component that provides cross-cluster connectivity from pods to remote services using their global IPs. Compiled as
binary `submariner-globalnet`, it is responsible for maintaining a pool of global IPs, allocating IPs from the global IP pool to pods and

> services, annotating service`s and pods with their global IP, and configuring the required rules on the gateway node to provide cross-cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
services, and configuring the required rules on the gateway node to provide cross-cluster
```

connectivity using global IPs.

> Globalnet also supports connectivity from the Nodes (including pods that use hostnetworking) to global IP of remote services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Globalnet also supports connectivity from the nodes (including pods that use host networking) to the global IP of remote services.
```

It mainly consists of two key components: the IP Address Manager and Globalnet.

#### IP Address Manager (IPAM)

The IP Address Manager (IPAM) component does the following:

* Creates a pool of IP addresses based on the `GlobalCIDR` configured on cluster.
* Allocates IPs from the global pool for all ingress and egress, and releases them when no longer needed.

#### Globalnet

This component is responsible for programming the routing entries, iptable rules and does the following:

* Creates initial iptables chains for Globalnet rules.

> * Whenever `GlobalEgressIP`s are allocated, creates corresponding SNAT rules to convert source Ip from pod's Ip to the corresponding global IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For each `GlobalEgressIP`, creates corresponding SNAT rules to convert the source IPs for all the matching pods to the corresponding global IP(s) allocated to the `GlobalEgressIP` object.
```

> * Whenever a service is allocated a global IP, creates an ingress rule to direct all traffic destined to the service's global IP to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For each exported service, creates an ingress rule to direct all traffic destined to the Service's global IP to the
```

The IP Address Manager (IPAM) component does the following:

* Creates a pool of IP addresses based on the `GlobalCIDR` configured on cluster.

> * Allocates a globalIp from the GlobalIp pool on creation of ClusterGlobalEgressIPs, GlobalEgressIPs or GlobalIngressIPs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Allocates a globalIp from the GlobalIp pool on creation of ClusterGlobalEgressIPs, GlobalEgressIPs, or GlobalIngressIPs.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allocates IPs from the global pool for all ingress and egress and releases them when no longer needed.
```

> * On deletion of a ClusterGlobalEgressIPs, GlobalEgressIPs or GlobalIngressIPs, releases its globalIp back to the pool.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* On deletion of a ClusterGlobalEgressIPs, GlobalEgressIPs or GlobalIngressIPs, releases its globalIp back to the pool.
```

I'd suggest mirroring the structure of the addition point above for the deletion point, to make it easier to quickly scan/read.

Reviewer: This bullet isn't needed with my suggestion above.

#### Globalnet

This component is responsible for programming the routing entries, iptable rules and does the following:

* Creates initial iptables chains for Globalnet rules.

> * Whenever GlobalEgressIPs are allocated, creates corresponding SNAT rules to convert source Ip from Pod's Ip to the corresponding globalIp.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Whenever GlobalEgressIPs are allocated, creates corresponding SNAT rules to convert source Ip for all the matching pods to the corresponding globalIP allocated to GlobalEgressIP object..
```

Reviewer: We really don't have an  explicit "Globalnet" component (anymore) but I guess it's OK 😄 

```suggestion
* For each `GlobalEgressIP`, creates corresponding SNAT rules to convert the source IPs for all the matching pods to the corresponding global IP(s) allocated to the `GlobalEgressIP` object.
```

> * Whenever a Pod is allocated a globalIp, creates an egress SNAT rule to convert the source Ip from the Pod's Ip to the Pod's globalIp

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
I think we can remove this.

Reviewer 3: I struggle a lot with when pod should be `Pod`, Pod, or pod. :sweat_smile: 

Now that the K8s docs has added the line

> generally discussing an API object, use sentence-style capitalization

https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects

I tend to think we should start using "pod" more.

  on the Gateway Node.

> * Whenever a service is allocated a globalIp, creates an ingress rule to direct all traffic destined to the Service's globalIp to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For each exported service, creates an ingress rule to direct all traffic destined to the Service's global IP to the
```

Connectivity is only part of the solution as pods still need to know the IPs of services on remote clusters.

This is achieved by enhancing [lighthouse](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse) with support for Globalnet. The Lighthouse

> controller uses a service's global IP when creating the `ServiceImport` for services of type `ClusterIP`. For  headless services,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
controller uses a service's global IP when creating the `ServiceImport` for services of type `ClusterIP`. For headless services,
```

backing pod's global IP is used when creating the `EndpointSlice` resources to be distributed to other clusters.

> The [lighthouse plugin](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/tree/devel/plugin/lighthouse) then uses the global IPs when

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The [Lighthouse plugin](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/tree/devel/plugin/lighthouse) then uses the global IPs when
```

replying to DNS queries.

## Building

Nothing extra needs to be done to build `submariner-globalnet` as it is built with the standard Submariner build.

## Usage

Refer to the [Quickstart Guides](../../quickstart/) on how to deploy Submariner with Globalnet enabled. For most deployments users will not

> need to do anything else once deployed. But users can create `GlobalEgressIP`s or edit the `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` for specific use cases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
need to do anything else once deployed. However, users can create `GlobalEgressIP`s or edit the `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` for specific use cases.
```

### Ephemeral Port Exhaustion

> By default, 8 cluster-scoped global IPs are allocated which allows for `~8x64k` active ephemeral ports. If those are still

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, 8 cluster-scoped global IPs are allocated which allows for ~8x64k active ephemeral ports. If those are still
```

not enough for a cluster, this number can be increased by setting the `NumberOfIPs` field in the `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` with the
well-known name `cluster-egress.submariner.io`:

```yaml
   apiVersion: submariner.io/v1alpha1
   kind: ClusterGlobalEgressIP
   metadata:
     name: cluster-egress.submariner.io
   spec:
     NumberOfIPs: 9
```

{{% notice note %}}
Only the `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` resource with the name `cluster-egress.submariner.io` is recognized by Globalnet. This resource is automatically
created with the default number of IPs.
{{% /notice %}}

### Global IPs for a Namespace

If it's desired for all pods in a namespace to use a unique global IP instead of one of the cluster-scoped IPs, a user can create a
`GlobalEgressIP` resource in that namespace:

```yaml
   apiVersion: submariner.io/v1alpha1
   kind: GlobalEgressIP
   metadata:
     name: ns-egressip
     namespace: ns1
   spec:
     NumberOfIPs: 1
```

> The example above will allocate 1 global IP which will be used as egress IP for all pods in namespace `ns1`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The example above will allocate 1 global IP which will be used as egress IP for all pods in namespace `ns1`.
```

Connectivity is only part of the solution as pods still need to know the IPs of services on remote clusters.

This is achieved by enhancing [lighthouse](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse) with support for Globalnet. The Lighthouse

> controller uses service's global IP instead of `clusterIP` when creating `ServiceImport` for services of type `ClusterIP`. In case of
> services of type `Headless`, pod's global IP is used instead of podIp when creating `EndpointSlice` objects to be distributed to other clusters.
> The [lighthouse plugin](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/tree/devel/plugin/lighthouse) then uses the service's global IP from `ServiceImport`
> when replying to DNS queries for the services of type `ClusterIP`. For headless services, it returns global IPs in the corresponding `EndpointSlices`
> for pods backing the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
controller uses a service's global IP when creating the `ServiceImport` for services of type `ClusterIP`. For
headless services, a backing pod's global IP is used when creating the `EndpointSlice` resources to be distributed to other clusters.
The [lighthouse plugin](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/tree/devel/plugin/lighthouse) then uses the global IPs when replying to DNS queries.
```

## Building

Nothing extra needs to be done to build `submariner-globalnet` as it is built with the standard Submariner build.

## Usage

Refer to the [Quickstart Guides](../../quickstart/) on how to deploy Submariner with Globalnet enabled. For most deployments users will not

> need to do anything else once deployed. But users can create `GlobalEgressIP`s or edit `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` for specific use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
need to do anything else once deployed. But users can create `GlobalEgressIP`s or edit the `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` for specific use cases.
```

### Ephemeral Port Exhaustion

By default, 8 cluster-scoped global IPs are allocated which allows for `~8x64k` active ephemeral ports. If those are still

> not enough for a cluster, users can increase the number of ClusterGlobalIPs allocated.
> Note that this assumes that there are still some global IPs available in the cluster pool. To increase the number of global IPs allocated
> for `ClusterGlobalEgressIP`s, create the following object with `NumberOfIPs` set to required value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not enough for a cluster, this number can be increased by setting the `NumberOfIPs` field in the `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` with the well-known name `cluster-egress.submariner.io`:
```

```yaml
   apiVersion: submariner.io/v1alpha1
   kind: ClusterGlobalEgressIP
   metadata:
     name: cluster-egress.submariner.io
   spec:
     NumberOfIPs: 9
```

{{% notice note %}}
Only the `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` resource with the name `cluster-egress.submariner.io` is recognized by Globalnet. This resource is automatically
created with the default number of IPs.
{{% /notice %}}

> ### Global IP for a Namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Global IPs for a Namespace
```

> For use cases where user wants all pods in a namespace to use a unique global IP instead of one of the `ClusterGlobalEgressIP`s,
> users can create
> GlobalEgressIP for that namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it's desired for all pods in a namespace to use a unique global IP instead of one of the cluster-scoped IPs, a user can create a `GlobalEgressIP` resource in that namespace:
```

Connectivity is only part of the solution as pods still need to know the IPs of services on remote clusters.

This is achieved by enhancing [lighthouse](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse) with support for Globalnet. The Lighthouse

> controller uses pod's globalIp instead of podIp when creating `EndpointSlice` objects to be distributed to other clusters.

Reviewer 2: Can you please clarify this further. Like when does LH use Pod globalIP?

Author: It is used in case of HeadlessService. For headless services DNS returns list of PodIPs backing a service, so in case of globalnet we need to return pod globalIPs. I'll modify this to further clarify the difference between headless and clusterIP.

The [lighthouse plugin](https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/tree/devel/plugin/lighthouse) then uses the Service's globalIp when
replying to DNS queries for the Service.

## Building

Nothing extra needs to be done to build `submariner-globalnet` as it is built with the standard Submariner build.

## Usage

> Refer [Quickstart Guides](../../quickstart/) on how to deploy Submariner with Globalnet enabled. For most deployments users will not

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Quickstart Guides](../../quickstart/) on how to deploy Submariner with Globalnet enabled. For most deployments users will not
```

> need to do anything else once deployed. But users can create GlobalEgressIPs or edit ClusterGlobalEgressIP for specific use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
need to do anything else once deployed. But users can create _GlobalEgressIPs_ or edit _ClusterGlobalEgressIP_ for specific use cases.
```

### Ephemeral Port Exhaustion

> By default `8` globalIps are allocated as ClusterGlobalEgressIPs. This allows for `~8x64k` active ephemeral ports. If those are still

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default 8 globalIps are allocated as ClusterGlobalEgressIPs. This allows for `~8x64k` active ephemeral ports. If those are still
```

Values like this shouldn't be code style:

> For field values of type string or integer, use normal style without quotation marks.

https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-normal-style-for-string-and-integer-field-values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default ,8 cluster-scoped global IPs are allocated which allows for `~8x64k` active ephemeral ports. If those are still
```

> not enough for a cluster, users can increase the number of ClusterGlobalIPs allocated. This will require a restart/re-join of the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
not enough for a cluster, users can increase the number of ClusterGlobalIPs allocated.
```

No need to restart anything, we handle upgrades for ClusterGlobalEgressIP object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not enough for a cluster, this number can be increased by setting the `NumberOfIPs` field in the `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` with the well-known name `cluster-egress.submariner.io`:
```

> Note that this assumes that there are still some globalIps available in the cluster pool. To increase the number of globalIps allocated
> for ClusterGlobalEgressIPs, create the following object with `NumberOfIPs` set to required value.

Reviewer: With above suggestion...

```suggestion
```

```yaml
   apiVersion: submariner.io/v1alpha1
   kind: ClusterGlobalEgressIP
   metadata:
     name: cluster-egress.submariner.io
   spec:

>      NumberOfIPs: 8

Reviewer 2: Since 8 is the default, lets use some other number here.

```

{{% notice note %}}

> Name must be `cluster-egress.submariner.io`. Any different name will be ignored by globalnet and appropriate `Status` will be set.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Name must be `cluster-egress.submariner.io`. Any different name will be ignored by Globalnet and appropriate `Status` will be set.
```

https://submariner.io/development/website/style-guide/#submarinerio-word-list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` resource with the name `cluster-egress.submariner.io` is recognized by Globalnet. This resource is automatically created with the default number of IPs.
```

> `NumberOfIPs` can have minimum value of `0` and maximum of `20`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `NumberOfIPs` can have minimum value of 0 and maximum of 20.
```

{{% /notice %}}

> ### GlobalIp for a Namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Global IPs for a namespace
```

> For use cases where user wants all pods in a namespace to use a unique globalIp instead of one of the ClusterGlobalEgressIPs,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If it's desired that all pods in a namespace use a unique globalIp instead of one of the ClusterGlobalEgressIPs,
```

Similar suggestion applies to similar line below.

> For use cases where user wants all pods in a namespace to use a unique globalIp instead of one of the ClusterGlobalEgressIPs,
> users can create
> GlobalEgressIP for that namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it's desired for all pods in a namespace to use unique global IP(s) instead of one of the cluster-scoped IPs, a user can create a `GlobalEgressIP` resource in that namespace:
```

```yaml
   apiVersion: submariner.io/v1alpha1
   kind: GlobalEgressIP
   metadata:
     name: ns-egressip
     namespace: ns1
   spec:
     NumberOfIPs: 1
```

> The example above will allocate `1` globalIp which will be used as egress IP for all pods in namesapce `ns1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example above will allocate 1 global IP which will be used as egress IP for all pods in namespace `ns1`
```

> {{% notice note %}}
> `NumberOfIPs` can have minimum value of `0` and maximum of `20`
> {{% /notice %}}

Reviewer: We already stated this above.

```suggestion
```

Author: This is a different object. So need to highlight that this also has same limits.

> ### GlobalIp for set of Pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Global IPs for a set of pods
```

> For use cases where user wants a specific set of pods to use a unique globalIp instead of one of ClusterGlobalEgressIPs or globalIps
> allocated for specific namespace, users can create a GlobalEgressIP object with `podSelector`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it's desired for a set of pods in a namespace to use unique global IP(s), a user can create a `GlobalEgressIP` resource in that namespace with the `podSelector` field set:
```

```yaml
   apiVersion: submariner.io/v1alpha1
   kind: GlobalEgressIP
   metadata:
     name: db-pods
     namespace: ns1
   spec:
     podSelector:
         matchLabels:
           role: db
     NumberOfIPs: 1
```

> The example above will allocate `1` globalIp which will be used as egress IP for all pods matching label `role=db`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example above will allocate `1` globalIp which will be used as egress IP for all pods matching label `role=db` in namespace `ns1`.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example above will allocate 1 globalIp which will be used as egress IP for all pods matching label `role=db`.
```
